Country; What's the best thing about Switzerland? Don't know, but the flag is a big plus
Acting; Why do we tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast.
Quotidian; Yesterday I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, "What's the word on the street?"
Karma; Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu: You get what you deserve.
Pregnancy; A woman in labor suddenly shouted, “Shouldn’t! Wouldn’t! Couldn’t! Didn’t! Can’t!” “Don’t worry,” said the doc. “Those are just contractions.”
Acting; Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.
Astronaut; Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Science; Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything
Hipster; How do you drown a hipster? You throw them in the mainstream.
Ocean; What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Math; Why don't calculus majors throw a house party? Because you should never drink and derive.
Animals; What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
Anatomy; What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me something smells.
Cooking; What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
Math; What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Animals; What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.
Animals; What did the shark say when they ate the clownfish? This tastes a little funny.
Animals; What's orange and sounds like a carrot? A parrot.
Pirates; What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey.
Animals; Why did the frog take the bus to work today? His car got toad away.
Animals; What did the buffalo say when her son left for college? Bison.
Astronaut; What is an astronaut's favourite part on a computer? The space bar.
Hipster; Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He drank the coffee before it was cool.
Batman; Where does Batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Animals; What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam.
Animals; What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
